.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PROBLECTIX 1 "September 30, 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
problectix-test \- testing the problectix distribution
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B problectix-test
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
problectix-test copies some example files from the system to
$HOME/problectix-test and performs various test with these files.
.TP
To verify if the test was susessfull check the generated PostScript \
files in $HOME/problectix-test. They should all be nicely formatted.
.TP
problectix-test does not overwrite the directory $HOME/problectix-test. \
If it exists, the you must remove it by hand to \
run problectix-test.
.TP
If problectix-test is interrupted by an latex error or else, then \
the test was not successful. latex warnings are NOT a sign of a failed test, \
they ar normal.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
.TP
To see the full help for a command, use one of the following options: 
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.SH SEE ALSO
The documentation for the latex-documentclasses of
.BR problectix
is in /usr/share/texmf/doc/latex/problectix
.\".BR baz (1).
.\".br
.\"You can see the full options of the Programs by calling for example 
.\".IR "sophomrix-check -h" ,
.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Ruediger Beck <jeffbeck@web.de>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
